常用起首语
1) Looking forward to your early reply to
2) Hoping to hear from you soon
3) I hope to hear from you very soon。
4) We look forward to your reply at yourearliest convenience。
5) Your early reply will be highlyappreciated。
6) I hope everything will be well withyou。
7) Please let us know if you want moreinformation。
8) I wish you very success in the comingyear。
9) Please remember me to your family。
10) With best regards to your family。
11) All the best。
12) With love and good wishes。
求职申请信常用句型
1. In reply to your advertisement in ~,Irespectfully offer my services for the situation。
2. With reference to your advertisementin ~ for a / an ~,I offer myself for the post。
3. Please consider me an applicant forthe position which you advertised in ~。
4. Having noticed the enclosedadvertisement in ~,I wish to apply for the position referred to。
5. In answer to your advertisement in ~for a ~,I wish to tender my services。
6. Your advertisement for a ~ in ~ hasinterested me. I feel I can fill that position。
7. Shall you need an experienced ~ foryour ~ next SUMMER?
8. I have been for over five years inthe employment of a / an ~ company
9. I have been in the business for thelast ~ years, and worked as the director of the…department。
10. I've had ~ years' experience with acompany as a ~。
11. For the last ~ years, I have beenand still am a / an ~。
12. I'm ~ years of age, female / male,and have had ~ years' experience in a limited company's ~ office
13. I should be very glad to have apersonal interview and can furnish references if desired。
14. If you desire an interview, I shallbe most happy to call in person, on any day and at any time you may appoint。
15. Should you think favorably of myapplication, kindly grant me an interview。
16. I trust that you'll give thisapplication your favorable consideration。
17. Should you give me a trial, I’ll domy utmost to afford you every satisfaction。
申诉信常用句型
1. I am sorry to say that we are greatlyinconvenienced by the fact that ~。
2. I am writing this letter to complainabout ~。
3. I really must complain about thequality of the ~ I recently got from your company。
4. You seem to have supplied us with aproduct that falls far below the standard we expect。
5. The ~ I ordered from your storearrived broken. Obviously, no packing had been placed in the box before it wassent from the warehouse。
6. It is now over ~ since we made theabove order with you, but the ~ we need badly now haven't arrived yet。
7. The product I purchased from you ~proved to be quite a disappointment. Although it looks exactly the same as theone I saw in your commercial, it actually does not perform the same way。
8. As I have no interest in receiving areplacement, I am returning the product to you and demand that a full refund bemade to me。
9. I'd appreciate it very much if yourefund the money I have paid for it。
10. We would appreciate it if you wouldarrange for the replacement of the damaged items。
感谢信常用句式参考：
1. Let me tell you how much I liked /appreciated / enjoyed…
2. I want you to know how much we / Iappreciate…
3. We appreciate your taking time to …
4. I don’t know how I would have managedwithout your help
5. I hope I can return the favor someday
6. Do let me know if I can ever returnthe favor
语法要点
基英语学习的长期目标——交流所必需的能力之一。毋庸置疑，英语写作是集基础知识，基本能力和课外信息于一身的综合体现，同时，又要兼顾到写作者高超的写作技巧。因而，要有扎实的英语语法知识；
1）、taff was strict about closing at nine o'clock. Then, when we had been driving in the desert for nearly two hours —— it must have been close to noon —— the heat nearly hid us in; the radiator boiled over and we had to use most of our drinking water to cool it down. By the time we reached the mountain, it was our o'clock and we were ex
本段从“rose”（起床）写起，然后是吃早餐（“not to miss breakfast”, “closing at nine o'clock”），然后是“close to noon”，一直写到这一天结束（“By nine——”）。
B. 按位置远近排列（spatial arrangement）。例如：
From the distance, it looked like a skinny tube, but as we got closer, we could see it flesh out before our eyes. It was tubular, all right, but fatter than we could see from far away. Furthermore, we were also astonished to notice that the building was really in two parts: a pagoda sitting on top of a tubular one-story structure. Standing ten feet away, we could marvel at how much of the pagoda was made up of glass windows. Almost everything under the wonderful Chinese roof was made of glass, unlike the tube that it was sitting on, which only had four. Inside, the tube was gloomy, because of the lack of light. Then a steep, narrow staircase took us up inside the pagoda and the light changed dramatically. All those windows let in a flood of sunshine and we could see out for miles across the flat land.
本段的写法是由远及近，从远处（“from a distance”）写起，然后“get closer”，再到（“ten feet away”），最后是“inside the pagoda”……当然，按位置远近来写不等于都是由远及近。根据需要，也可以由近及远，由表及里等等。
C. 按逻辑关系排列（logical arrangement）
a. 按重要性顺序排列（arrangement in order of importance）
If you work as a soda jerker, you will, of course, not need much skill in expressing yourself to be effective. If you work on a machine, your ability to express yourself will be of little importance. But as soon as you move one step up from the bottom, your effectiveness depends on your ability to reach others through the spoken or the written word. And the further away your job is from manual work, the larger the organization of which you are an employee, the more important it will be that you know how to convey your thoughts in writing or speaking. In the very large business organization, whether it is the government, the large corporation, or the Army, this ability to express oneself is perhaps the most important of all the skills a man can possess.
这一段谈的是表达能力，它的重要性与职业，身份有关，从“not need much skill”或“of little importance”到“more important”，最后是“most important”。
b.由一般到特殊排列（general-to-specific arrangement）
If a reader is lost, it is generally because the writer has not been careful enough to keep him on the path. This carelessness can take any number of forms. Perhaps a sentence is so excessively cluttered that the reader, hacking his way through the verbiage, simply doesn't know what it means. Perhaps a sentence has been so shoddily constructed that the reader could read it in any of several ways. Perhaps the writer has switched tenses, or has switched pronouns in mid-sentence, so the reader loses track of when the action took place or who is talking. Perhaps sentence B is not logical sequel to sentence A —— the writer, in whose head the connection is clear, has not bothered to provide the missing link. Perhaps the writer has used an important word incorrectly by not taking the trouble to look it up. He may think that "sanguine" and "sanguinary" mean the same thing, but the difference is a bloody big one. The reader can only infer what the writer is trying to imply.
这一段谈的是a writer's carelessness，先给出一个general statement作为主题句，然后通过5个 "perhaps"加以例证。
c. 由特殊到一般排列（specific-to-general arrangement）
I do not understand why people confuse my Siamese cat, Prissy, with the one I had several years ago, Henry. The two cats are only alike in breed. Prissy, a quiet, feminine feline, loves me dearly but not possessively. She likes to keep her distance from people, exert her independence and is never so rude as to beg, lick, or sniff unceremoniously. Her usual posture is sitting upright, eyes closed, perfectly still. Prissy is a very proper cat. Henry, on the other hand, loved me dearly but possessively. He was my shadow from morning till night. He expected me to constantly entertain him. Henry never cared who saw him do anything, whether it was decorous or not, and he usually offended my friends in some way. The cat made himself quite comfortable, on the top of the television, across stranger's feet or laps, in beds, drawers, sacks, closets, or nooks. The difference between them is imperceptible to strangers.
本段的主题句是段首句，它仅提出一个问题：为什么两只猫会被搞混。然后对两者进行比较，末句才下结论。
2）形连
行文的逻辑性常常要靠适当的转换词语及其他手段来实现。请读下面这一段文字并找出文中用以承上启下的词语：
Walter's goal in life was to become a successful surgeon. First, though, he had to get through high school, so he concentrated all his efforts on his studies —— in particular, biology, chemistry, and math. Because he worked constantly on these subjects, Walter became proficient in them; however, Walter forgot that he needed to master other subjects besides those he had chosen. As a result, during his junior year of high school, Walter failed both English and Latin. Consequently, he had to repeat these subjects and he was almost unable to graduate on schedule. Finally, on June 6, Walter achieved the first step toward realizing his goal.
本文中起承上启下的词语有两种，一种是转换词语（transitional words or phrases），另一种是起转换作用的其他连接手段（linking devices）。前者依次有：first, though, so, in particular, and, because, however, besides, as a result, both…and, consequently, and, finally.后者依次是：he, he, his, his, he, these, them, he, those, his, he, these, his. 本段中共有词汇105个，所使用的转换词语及其他连接用语共26个词，约占该段总词汇量的四分之一。由此可见，掌握好transitions不仅对行文的流（smoothness）有益，而且对于学生在半个小时内写120个词也是不无好处的。
一个段落里如果没有transitions也就很难有coherence了.我们看下面一个例子：
Speaking and writing are different in many ways. Speech depends on sounds. Writing uses written symbols. Speech developed about 500 000 en211ago. Written language is arecent development. It was invented only about six thousand years ago. Speech is usually informal. The word choice of writing is often relatively formal. Pronunciation and accent often tell where the speaker is from. Pronunciation and accent are ignored in writing. A standard diction and spelling system prevails in the written language of most countries. Speech relies on gesture, loudness, and rise and fall of the voice. Writing lacks gesture, loudness and the rise and fall of the voice. Careful speakers and writers are aware of the differences.
本段中除了第6句开头出现一个起过渡作用的"it"之外，没有使用其他的过渡词语.这样，文中出现许多重复的词语，全段读起来也显得生硬而不自然。如果加上必要的过渡词语来修饰的话，这一段就成了下面一个流畅连贯的段落：
Speaking and writing are different in many ways. Speech depends on sounds; writing, on the other hand, uses written symbols. Speech was developed about 500 000 years ago, but written language is a recent development, invented only about six thousand years ago. Speech is usually informal, while the word choice of writing, by contrast, is often relatively formal. Although pronunciation and accent often tell where the speaker is from, they are ignored in wiring because a standard diction and spelling system prevails in most countries. Speech relies on gesture, loudness, and the rise and fall of the voice, but writing lacks these features. Careful speakers and writers are aware of the differences．
有损连贯
考生在写作中经常出现下面几种错误：
改变时态
In the movie, Robert Redford was a spy. He goes to his office where he found everybody dead. Other spies wanted to kill him, so he takes refuge with Julie Christie. At her house, he had waited for the heat to die down, but they come after him anyway.
变单复数
Everybody looks for satisfaction in his life. They want to be happy. But if he seeks only pleasure in the short run, the person will soon run out of pleasure and life will catch up to him. They need to pursue the deeper pleasure of satisfaction in work and in relationships.
改变人称
Now more than ever, parents need to be in touch with their children's activities because modern life has the tendency to cause cleavages in the family. You need to arrange family like it so that family members will do things together and know one another. You need to give up isolated pleasures of your own and realize that parents have a set of obligations to sponsor togetherness and therefore sponsor knowledge.
因此写作中，一定要注意时态，人称以及数的变化是否正确，要注意保持一致。
写作技巧编辑
英语考试作文试题的一个最大的特点就是时限性，即在有限的时间内（一般分配30分钟）按试题要求完成作文试题。有很多参试者最后交卷时作文题要么没有完成要么质量比较差，这其中当然有很多原因，但不可忽视的一点原因便是写作文时间不够来不及完成作文或来不及仔细思考写一篇合乎题目要求的文章。
英语作文试题一般要求字数在120字左右，段落一般为三段，因而有“三段论”一说。所谓“三段论”即全文分为三个自然段，一般结构为“首段摆事实（现象）、提观点（论点或问题），在这一部分参试者最好将题目要求中的第一个要点（一般为提出问题或观点）作为首段的内容之一；第二段剖析现象、分析论点，这也是全文的主体部分。在这一部分参试者需要将试题要求中的所有要点的内容都加以阐述和扩展，同时注意不要信马由缰的写一些与文章主题无关的内容以免被当作跑题处理；第三段为结论段，这一段的主要任务是为全文做一个结论性的终结，让文章显得完整和连贯。至于开头和结尾有一定的固定的套路可循。
标题的正确写法编辑
每篇作文 [1]  都有一个标题，英语叫title,标题写在作文的第一行中间，和正文要间隔一行.
如果用打字机或者打印机打出，那么每个字母都要大写，例如，A FRIDEN OF MINE.如果是手写，那么一些重要的词的第一个字母要大写。因为介词，连词，和冠词通过被认为是不重要的词，不必大写.
不可将标题写成斜体，不可在标题下加横线，也不可用引号或者括号，即使标题是一个完整的句子，也不可以在末尾加上句号，
例如标题，The Sun of Mine Has Risen 不可以写The Sun Of MineHas Risen.
但如果标题是疑问句，则可以添加问号，例如，How Do You Like the Film?
如果标题是感叹句.可以用惊叹号.例如：What an Hero He Was！
写作能力编辑
一 丰富学生词汇量，培养学生遣词造句的能力
词汇是组成语言最基本的单位，是写作的必需材料。词汇量不足或掌握得不好，都会给写作带来困难。众所周知，作文是信息的输出，一定要以输入为前提；只有头脑中储备有一定数量的词汇，才有可能写出好作文。因此，加强词汇教学、扩大和丰富学生的词汇量是提高学生写作能力的基础工作。
因而，在进行词汇教学时，教师应通过例句讲清楚常用词的意义、使用条件、用法及搭配关系，然后再让学生模仿造句。此外，英语有自己的固定短语、固定搭配、特殊句型等，如果学生能在作文中恰到好处地使用它们，那将会大大地提高作文档次 。因此，平时必须加强这方面的基本训练，还要督促学生课后多多记忆。